#On my side i was looking to do an organization or a non profit foundation cause i think it can apport a lot:
First you will be able to untax by give it to it insteand of the world so it will basecally add value to te commnuty
Im pretty you wiill be able to give the governance off money to it so its look like dec x2 and because im pretty sure you put a dao on the top and other non profit under for each part (Lawyer, Mage(Codeur)....). In the Dao their will be only The Gui Master and a superviseur for each unit. With that we can achieve a projet very secure where nobody can take control on if we all choose the right children as succesion. 
For the post we can implement a governance nft for everybody who will always Cost 1, so evereyone will stay a creator. We can also store the personal data so it will permit you to connect in everything without giving your right on it, it will also permit to protect each template from a nobody. 
For the project we can do a 3days vote by the commu then the Sup review it to give their advice. If the commu are not accepted then he can do another loop infinitly. So their cant be corruption and abuse like we have know before.
Now everytime a new project will come plug in his node some of our can work on it with them and the sup will review it after. It will permit to be sure that theyre will not do thing that are not align with our.
Also we will have to reward everybody equally with a POW who can be a  based on their time+work+creativity, so everyone who will create a projet/Manage an equip... will obviously be more reward because when you do thing you want to and not becaue you need to survive you will be more implied. I think its how the things are supposed to do and note hidden to give less and take more.
It will probably had a lot of thing to add but i hope the general idea will hype you so you will all modify and add what it needed. 

My goal by proposing this is simply to create a society off abundance because we act as One creator like it should be. It will solve a lot all false proposal off the ancient model create. We will not see some inequality because what we do is:
Money(Mater)=Money + addValue Material World
Abundance(Spirit)=Money

instead of 

Money x nothing = "error"
       so Abundance= money+(abundance/x)

"nothing is lost, nothing is created everything is transformed"

Now you have have break the first spell you are in a place where you abundance are not transmuted or fractionned so nobody can take control of it, you can start control your place 

dom0
   qvm template deamon
